[FIX] general: correcting explanation of name column in access rights tab (#12362)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/general/users/access_rights.rst

     its :guilabel:`Inherited` tab, then any users added to the *Sales/Administrator* group
     automatically receive access to the *Website/Restricted Editor* group, as well.

- :guilabel:`Menus` tab: defines which models the group can have access to. Click
  :guilabel:`Add a line` to add a specific menu.
- :guilabel:`Views` tab: lists which views in Odoo the group has access to. Click :guilabel:`Add a
  line` to add a view to the group.
- :guilabel:`Access Rights` tab: lists the first level of rights (models) that this group has. The
  :guilabel:`Name` column represents the name for the current group's access to the model
  selected in the :guilabel:`Model` column.

  To link a new access right to a group, click :guilabel:`Add a line`. Select the appropriate model
  from the :guilabel:`Model` dropdown, then enter a name for the access right in the

>   :guilabel:`Name` column. For each model, enable the following options as appropriate:

Reviewer: I know you didn't change the list below but since you changed the text around it, can we just capitalize the first letter after the colon? :pray: :see_no_evil:

  - :guilabel:`Read`: users can see the object's existing values.
  - :guilabel:`Write`: users can edit the object's existing values.
  - :guilabel:`Create`: users can create new values for the object.
  - :guilabel:`Delete`: users can delete values for the object.

  .. tip::

>      There are no conventions to follow for naming an access right. However, it is advisable
>      to choose a name that easily identifies the access right in question.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     There are no conventions to follow for naming an access right. However, it is advisable
     to choose a name that easily identifies its purpose, e.g., `res.partner.purchase.manager`.
```
- to avoid repetitions?
- I’d suggest including examples in the text as well while keeping the image, as it helps with clarity. We try to make sure the text is understandable without relying on the image (which it is, mostly, but I think an example would make it clearer :wink: ). EDIT: maybe we could even explain the example a tiny bit more (and briefly mention the purpose of that example acess right in the text? What do you think?)
- I also wonder if we could avoid the *There are ...* wording here?

Author: I like your suggestions. And thanks for the reminder that the text should be (more) understandable without the image. Will see what I can do with the 'There are ...'.
